
Question 2: Differences between HTTP 1.1 and HTTP 2
Answer:
S. No	Differentiator	HTTP 1.1	HTTP 2
1.	Year	1991	2015
2.	Key Features	1.	Connection Re-Use:
For every TCP connection there could be multiple requests and responses. 
2.	Pipelining:
The client can request several resources from the server at once.	1.	Multiplexing:
Over a single TCP connection resources are interleaved and arrive at the client almost at the same time.
2.	Server Push:
Allows the server to send data that the client will need but has not yet requested.
3.	Status Code	It can define up to 24 status codes. Error reporting is quicker and efficient.	Status code and headers remains the same.
4.	Authentication Mechanism	It is secure as it uses digest authentication, NLM authentication	New TLS features like connection error
5.	Caching	Expands caching support by using additional headers like cache-control, conditional headers and entity tags.	No change in caching. With the server push feature if the client finds the resources are already present in the cache, it cancels the push stream. 
6.	Web Traffic	Increased risk of web congestion.	Reduces page load time. 

Question 3: Objects and its internal representation in JavaScript
Answer:
 Objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods respectively.
Objects and its Properties:
  A property of an object can be explained as a variable that is attached to the object. We can define property by assigning a value. Unassigned properties of an object are undefined.
Creating Objects in JavaScript:
1.	By using object literal:
Simply defining the property and value
Example: Let mobilephone= {name: “S60”, company: “Samsung”, RAM: “4GB”}
2.	By using constructors:
Constructor is a function and it allows to create multiple objects of same kind.
Example:
Function Mobile (name, company) {
This.name=name
This. maker=maker
}
3.	By using the keyword new
Example: var person= new Object ()

4.	Using object.create method:
This method can be very useful, because it allows you to choose the prototype object for the object you want to create, without having to define a constructor function.


 
